Clarify how Helm chart updates track image updates (#3615)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/chainguard/chainguard-images/how-to-use/use-chainguard-helm-charts/index.md

You can use these Helm charts with Chainguard FIPS container images, but you will need to adjust the charts as they use the non-FIPS images by default. We build a single chart per application and validate that both FIPS and non-FIPS Chainguard Images work with it.

## How chart updates deliver image updates

Chainguard rebuilds container images regularly to pick up the latest package versions and CVE fixes. When an image updates, the associated chart updates too so that it pins the new image digests. How you receive those image updates depends on whether you reference the chart by tag or by digest:

> - **If you reference the chart by tag** (for example, `--version 10.5.13`), the tag continues to point to the latest image digests as those images update. You stay on the same chart version and pull in the latest image versions each time you install or upgrade.

Reviewer: just to word vomit a bit. `helm` itself (the cli) does not auto update (it's incapable of). the only time an upgrade may occur is when it's triggered, either via a `helm upgrade ...` or via a controller/reconciler on top of helm (the common ones are `argocd` and `flux`).

so simply referencing a chart by tag doesn't auto-enable upgrades, but referencing it as a tag ensures that any re-deploy (`helm upgrade`, or via `argo` or `flux` or equivalent) will pick up the new underlying chart digeset (with the new image digests).

the chart version tag ALWAYS refers to the chart version itself, so `10.5.13-r1` means the chart's `r1`, even "pinning" to this `tag` will always keep rolling forward the underlying image digests.

so just like images, charts provide various fidelities of tags you can pull from depending on your upgrade appetite:

```bash
# :latest will pick whatever the latest tag we publish

# :$version-stream will pick whatever the latest in a version stream is

# :x.y will pick whatever the latest x.y version

# etc...
```

but all of that controls the chart version itself, dependencies of the dependent images ALWAYS will roll forward within a _charts_ tag, so the only way to effectively pin a chart _and_ it's images is by referencing the chart via digest.

that was a lot of word vomit I'm sorry, but hopefully it helps clarify, I'm not sure exactly what level of detail you want to go down on this page.

You can use these Helm charts with Chainguard FIPS container images, but you will need to adjust the charts as they use the non-FIPS images by default. We build a single chart per application and validate that both FIPS and non-FIPS Chainguard Images work with it.

## How chart updates deliver image updates

> Chainguard rebuilds container images regularly to pick up the latest package versions and CVE fixes. When an image updates, the associated chart updates too so that it pins the new image digests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chainguard rebuilds container images regularly to pick up the latest package versions and CVE fixes. Just like images, charts are also rebuilt regularly to pick up the latest chart updates and the chart's new dependent image digests.
```

Reviewer: this one is just style, so I could take or leave this one, up to you!

> A chart tag always refers to the chart version, not to a fixed set of images. Chainguard rolls the underlying image digests forward within a tag, so even a specific tag like `10.5.13-r1` keeps pointing at the latest images for that chart version. As with image tags, you can pick a tag fidelity that matches your upgrade appetite — `latest`, a version stream, or a specific `x.y` version — but every chart tag rolls its dependent image digests forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A chart tag always refers to the chart version, not to a fixed set of images. Chainguard rolls the underlying image digests forward within a tag, so even a specific tag like `10.5.13-r1` keeps pointing at the latest images for that chart version. As with image tags, you can pick a tag fidelity that matches your upgrade appetite — `latest`, a version stream, or a specific `x.y.y-r#` version — but every chart tag rolls its dependent image digests forward.
```

> Helm does not apply these updates on its own. A release picks up newer images only when something triggers a redeploy: a `helm upgrade`, or a controller such as Argo CD or Flux reconciling the release. A chart referenced by tag then pulls the current chart digest along with its newer image digests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helm will not apply these updates on its own. A release picks up newer images only when something triggers a redeploy: a `helm upgrade`, or a controller such as Argo CD or Flux reconciling the release. A chart referenced by tag then pulls the current chart digest along with its newer image digests. Running a `helm upgrade` on the same tag will resolve to its newest digest the tag pins to. 
```
